{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang7177{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Resources used:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-JFC/JLabelwithlinedborder.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-JFC/JLabelwithlinedborder.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://faculty.salina.k-state.edu/tmertz/Java/110GUI/05layoutmanagers.pdf }}{\fldrslt{http://faculty.salina.k-state.edu/tmertz/Java/110GUI/05layoutmanagers.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/java/J4b_CustomGraphics.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/java/J4b_CustomGraphics.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://way2java.com/uncategorized/java-font-example/ }}{\fldrslt{https://way2java.com/uncategorized/java-font-example/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://coderanch.com/t/458211/java/Button-Size }}{\fldrslt{https://coderanch.com/t/458211/java/Button-Size\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/AddingIcontoJButton.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/AddingIcontoJButton.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://gauss.ececs.uc.edu/Users/Franco/Fonts/Fonts.java.html }}{\fldrslt{http://gauss.ececs.uc.edu/Users/Franco/Fonts/Fonts.java.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Font.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Font.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/JavaFX/SetFontforLabel.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/JavaFX/SetFontforLabel.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/AddingIcontoJButton.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/AddingIcontoJButton.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Component.html#setSize(int,%20int) }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Component.html#setSize(int,%20int)\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Label.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Label.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JButton.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JButton.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JButton.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JButton.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-JFC/SetthePreferredSize.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-JFC/SetthePreferredSize.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 16.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/HowtoUseGridLayout.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://www.java2s.com/Tutorial/Java/0240__Swing/HowtoUseGridLayout.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 17.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/?class=javax.swing.JPanel&method=removeAll }}{\fldrslt{https://www.programcreek.com/java-api-examples/?class=javax.swing.JPanel&method=removeAll\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 18.\tab} {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.mkyong.com/swing/java-swing-joptionpane-showoptiondialog-example/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.mkyong.com/swing/java-swing-joptionpane-showoptiondialog-example/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 19.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.personal.kent.edu/~bherzog/tips.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.personal.kent.edu/~bherzog/tips.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 20.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JOptionPane.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JOptionPane.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 21.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-move-the-elements-of-an-array-by-one-cell-towards-left }}{\fldrslt{https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-move-the-elements-of-an-array-by-one-cell-towards-left\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 22.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/arrays-in-java/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/arrays-in-java/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 23.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://alvinalexander.com/java/java-bufferedreader-readline-string-examples }}{\fldrslt{https://alvinalexander.com/java/java-bufferedreader-readline-string-examples\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 24.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/io/FileWriter.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/io/FileWriter.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 25.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.baeldung.com/java-write-to-file }}{\fldrslt{https://www.baeldung.com/java-write-to-file\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 26.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 27.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/different-ways-reading-text-file-java/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/different-ways-reading-text-file-java/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 28.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.baeldung.com/java-compare-strings }}{\fldrslt{https://www.baeldung.com/java-compare-strings\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 29.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Date.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Date.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 30.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JLabel.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JLabel.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 31.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/arrays-sort-in-java-with-examples/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/arrays-sort-in-java-with-examples/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 32.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://beginnersbook.com/2013/12/java-string-substring-method-example/ }}{\fldrslt{https://beginnersbook.com/2013/12/java-string-substring-method-example/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 33.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.baeldung.com/string/substring }}{\fldrslt{https://www.baeldung.com/string/substring\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 34.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JTextArea.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/JTextArea.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 35.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://java2everyone.blogspot.com/2009/01/clear-jtextarea-text.html }}{\fldrslt{http://java2everyone.blogspot.com/2009/01/clear-jtextarea-text.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 36.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/WindowConstants.html#DISPOSE_ON_CLOSE }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/WindowConstants.html#DISPOSE_ON_CLOSE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 37.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2016/07/how-to-read-text-file-using-scanner-in-java-example-tutorial.html }}{\fldrslt{https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2016/07/how-to-read-text-file-using-scanner-in-java-example-tutorial.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 38.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.javatpoint.com/Scanner-class }}{\fldrslt{https://www.javatpoint.com/Scanner-class\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 39.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/io/File.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/io/File.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 40.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13991494/resetting-a-nextline-scanner }}{\fldrslt{https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13991494/resetting-a-nextline-scanner\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 41.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.makeinjava.com/java-scanner-example-read-write-contents-file-example/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.makeinjava.com/java-scanner-example-read-write-contents-file-example/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 42.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/Clip.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/Clip.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 43.\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/AudioSystem.html }}{\fldrslt{https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/AudioSystem.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 44.\tab}\par
{\pntext\f0 45.\tab}\par
}
 